oiii tv protects back programming with
confessional tutorials is cement that I
I'm using it is next week's video.
I did it to show you a product.
marc jacobs that I'm wearing and loving
the shadow goal
I used abav the blush is the corrective
palette of shadows and mascara and then there
button is the one here is the hit
bwb meteor is talking too much because
This is the video next week but then
already trying to understand where today is to
Talk about this very difficult hairstyle
very elaborate of so much work
You're not going to really believe it.
so you need to be very experienced
in capillary art to make it not people
I'm kidding but look I'll tell
I won that hairstyle the presences use
much and so really the only thing
What you need to have in your life is a
These little faixinha because neither clamp
does it mean maybe your hair is
the bigger my hair is in compliance
that you have remembered, I must of course
have more elaborate effects of
to get a cleaner face
but as I like something mean
so bagunçadinho such care is not
because I thought it was really a
very good hairstyle of wrapping know
options come back it stays like this is
a huddle here you can even
want to spread the clutter
get more there but then let's go
I was also not with anything
white or anything, my hair is too
nothing like him, he's not even with
babyliss nor with brush attack that
business like this is neither me nor me
I was seeing this band had what it is
moon is a brand game has been several times
of the times is fatal and many accessories
that the evolution of the dollar today does not
say what I have shown of istanbul and
even you vintage must be a
of the whole, which has the
from behind you simply go
Is the hair access so I have it?
I have is this one of pearl line
cute I got from a friend then
I do not know where it is from
obs good here these boxes gives
wear on the wrist in the south hair
I'm picking up the band then
Charge on loose hair so I used it
A lot of vacations are going to leave because the
hair is not as right as well to
in front of him just salad 11 defendants and from there
I was learning too.
and this is where I used the photo
I told you that I was going to do the
video I love of passion was negative
accompanying antropoidea in new york
What do you think I'm going to do with you?
put the little stick like that in any
place without there if I have some kind of
more accurate statement but I did so in
anywhere and it worked out what's cool
and you leave a piece of hair to
front
that's the way I do it, we can
Try to see you find another way.
by the way is the type of hairstyle you get
thinking too much, he does not leave, that 's it
It's just not good because then you go in
search for a prefect thing and he does not
It's perfect so grab the front winding and
shove in to rescue what
left hair twisted and also the
places until it takes the end to end
Then you have to clean the front of the paok.
it's very fallen right
so I'll learn a little more
elastic it helps you a lot as soon as you
gets to feeling and holding him never
is not the same because, after all, this
freestyle method you never get
do something similar to that made
Previous time I'm telling'm just
winding and holding more on it
stay a little thinner and one thing says
feeling even you go people with still
It's a little loose later.
He got very fat in here.
then for the very best of
It's true because I took much longer to
To do that now I 'm talking about what I
was at the beginning of the video because the
the beginning of the video because the little
way got rolled caught turtleneck was good
so it's true that I'm talking about that
You start trying to fix it too much.
not so obedient that it is not comprehensive
but so he
he begins to create a life of his own
sometimes it's better to feel the
start from scratch and this can move type
You can make it more open here or if you
You do not like to make it fairer here anymore.
they are seeing that neither the white river nor
if you want too, talk will not stop
My hair, can you take one?
here put an end to grief
that my hair is growing white has been
good while it lasted
and then back is a little retro or I do not know
short enough and that's hard is a
madness and off dies done my case them
tell us who your hairstyle should be
playing took hours to do
It was difficult to have people hope
enjoyed going to do because
really worth it and you can do
even how you do not like these things
infected as mine and the white one
special shine that can only take one
of those black elastic bands or
brown I do not think it 's important here
have a base to stick the head to
inside and only four next time
see you talking about sydney that i
I'm now